Update agendas (#4)
Quansight-Labs/jupyter-accessibility-workshops: docs/mentored_sprint_agenda.md

This event is held one to two weeks following our accessibility learning 
experience.

## October 9

A hands-on event in Jupyter code bases that improve and document accessibility conditions.

### Takeaways

> Attendees will become familiar with the different skills needed to impact the Jupyter ecosystem, especially around documentation and alt text.

Reviewer: improve? positively impact? - for some reason this sounds a bit on the air to me but cannot pint why

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Attendees will become familiar with the different skills needed to provide a better experience for disabled scientists in the Jupyter ecosystem, especially around documentation and alt text.
```

### Pre-event

> In order to participate in the sprint, attendees will need a GitHub account. No other knowledge of git or GitHub is required.

Reviewer: - Link directly to GitHub and the instructions to get an account

    section breakouts
    breakout topics :topics, after tools, 10min
    breakout 1 :b1, after topics, 40min
    breakout 2 :b2, after topics, 40min
    summarize :regroup, after b1, 10min
    past a11y issues/prs :past, after regroup, 10min
    breakout 1 :b21, after past, 45min
    breakout 2 :b22, after past, 45min
        
    section conclusion
    final comments :end, after b21, 15min
    
    section hangout
    hangout :hang, after end, 45min
    
```

* Enter in breakout rooms (like you about to go on an amusement park ride)
* Welcome, welcome, welcome
* Intro to jupyter
* Intro to accessibility tools (WAVE, JAWS, NVDA)
    * Demo tools on documentation to show the problem (and solution?)
* Breakout topics
    * Writing alt text for [Project Jupyter documentation](https://jupyter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) or other Jupyter ecosystem documentation (no git knowledge needed)
    * Adding automated tests ([pa11y](https://pa11y.org/) and/or [Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse/) to Project Jupyter documentation)
* Breakouts
    * Work on your chosen topic with smaller group
* Break
* A look at past accessibility PRs (community member)
* Breakouts

> * Closing 

Reviewer: Is this closing for regrouping and celebrate wins?

Author: Should probably include
- Current state of PR(s) open around this sprint. In an ideal world, we could click the merge button with everyone, but if it needs more review I think it will also be satisfying to just count the number or images described. If we have people working on testing, I think we will just have to see how far they get.
- Thanks for being here! Here's a feedback survey.
- You can keep up with future workshops on this repo, join other Jupyter accessibility efforts in jupyter/accessibility or meetings on the community calendar

Things I would love to include but have been removed for time in past drafts:
- Nominate alt text a team member wrote or that you reviewed to an ✨ alt text hall of fame ✨ for both kudos and to make a list of great alt text examples for future contributors.
